Bill Klaus

701 Woburn Court - Mountain View, California 94040

Mobile: (415) 308-6720 - Fax: (650) 903-9775 - bklaus44@gmail.com

Sales Executive

Innovative and results driven sales leader focused on achieving exceptional results in highly 
competitive environments that demand continuous improvement.  Strong management career 
focused on strategic planning, building sales momentum, and developing compelling customer 
value in the areas of  SaaS, enterprise applications, and networking technologies. Entrepreneurial 
zeal and drive with technology know-how to launch new products, build new markets, and 
generate revenue. Areas of  expertise include:

•

Sales Leadership & 
Direction

• Consultative Sales

• Organizational 
Development

• Team & Relationship 

Building

• Communication & 

Organization 
Program Management

•

• Client & Vendor 

Negotiations
Strategy & Execution

•

• Assessment & Analysis

 
           

            
 

            
 

            
 

            
 

            
 

 Experience
        
 
 

         
 

         
 

         
 

         
 

         
 
 

Connexed Technologies, Inc.
Vice President of  Sales
Innovative video storage and management solution for video surveillance systems based on a SaaS model.
Responsible for leading start-up to revenue objectives. Plan and execute business operations strategies. 
Align organization to build new market opportunities, boost revenue and drive growth. Implemented a 
business to business sales program that grew sales by 400% and reduced churn by 10%. 

2007 – Present

ROAM LLC
CEO / Owner
Organized to build and manage Furla franchises in the western region. 
Planned and developed stores in Palo Alto, Seattle, Vancouver, and Dallas. Responsible for all back- office 
operations including strategy development, vendor negotiations, and program management. Implemented 
a virtual inventory management model based on SaaS solutions to effectively route products to the 
highest performing stores, which contributed two points to the bottom line. Expanded the traditional 
retail marketing model with an SMB incentive program which accelerated annual sales to $2.5 million. 
Negotiated the transfer of  the western territory back to the franchisor.

2001 – 2007

Bill Klaus
          
 
 

             
 

             
 

             
 

             
 

             
 

             
 

             
 

             
 

             
 

             
 

             
 

 Page 2
 
 

Atomz
Vice President of  Business Development
An innovator of  SaaS based content management and search solutions. 
Chartered with the task to grow revenues outside of  direct sales. Evangelized ISV and IHV to add value 
with our services, increased sales from $800,000 to $2,000,000 in one year. 
Program lowered customer acquisition costs by 25%, while increasing profits by 5%. Significant 
contributor to closing $15 million round with NEA, and leading to acquisition by Omniture now part 
of  Adobe Systems.

1999 – 2001

Packeteer, Inc.
Vice President of  Sales and Business Development
A pioneer in the development of  the application acceleration and bandwidth management solutions.
Grew sales from zero to $30 million in three years. Created a sales model that drove early expansion 
into international markets. Sold the first 400 units. Hired and trained a world wide sales team of  thirty 
professionals in two years. Developed an OEM business focused on the telecommunication segment. 
Created a sales organization comprised of  direct and indirect sales channels. Managed growth from early 
adopters to Fortune 500 customers who provided the foundation for our IPO. 

1996 – 1999

Apple Computer, Inc. 

1988 – 1996

• Managed business development for On-Line Business Group and negotiated contracts for over 

$10,000,000 in revenue with partners in Telecommunications and Cable organizations in Europe 
and Asia.

• Created Enterprise Evangelism Group which recruited over 500 ISVs, and IHVs and 

established Apple in the internet server market.

• Founding member of  ExIS (Executive Integration Services), a cooperative between Apple and 

BearingPoint which generated over $50,000,000 in consulting revenue and hardware sales.

• Led the business development for Apple Office which delivered electronic publishing and PC inter-

connectivity to the marketplace.

              
 

               

 

         
 

         
 

         
 

 Education
 

         
 

         
 

         
 

         
 

         
 

         
 
 

Stanford Graduate School of  Business, Apple Executive Education Program 

San Jose State University, BS Business Finance

