 

 

 

101 E San Fernando St,  
San Jose CA 95112.                                                     ELTON FURTADO 
 
OBJECTIVE: 
Seeking a full-time position as a software engineer to enhance the technical research and development of the company. 
 

    
 

         

  

   

 

 

 

 

  efurtado@buffalo.edu 

                           (716) 704-5654 

EDUCATION: 
Master of Science, Computer Science   
 
University at Buffalo, State University of New York. 
 
Bachelor of Engineering, Information Technology  
 
Vivekanand Education Society’s Institute of Technology (VESIT), University of Mumbai, India.   
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 
      
 
 

     May 2010 
      
     May 2008 
      

SKILLS: 

•  Languages: C, C++, C#, JAVA, MATLAB. 
•  Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows 98/2000/XP/VISTA/7, Ubuntu Linux Red Hat, FreeBSD. 
•  Web Tools: HTML, CSS, JSP, EJB, Struts, JavaScript, Ajax, Hibernate, Apache Tomcat, XML. 
•  Database Tools: Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL. 
•  Applications: Eclipse, Visual Studio, NetBeans, Visual Paradigm, Photoshop, Flash, Dreamweaver, Microsoft Office. 

 
EXPERIENCE: 
Website Developer and Graphic Designer 
Capital Management Services, Buffalo, New York. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       June 2009 – Aug 2009 

  Developed three company websites using JSP and updated company information using JavaScript. 
  Scripting of user data and forms with PHP and making dynamic web content using Ajax. 
  Designed user interactive elements with Photoshop and Flash and building static web pages with HTML and CSS. 

 
GRADUATE PROJECTS: 
Alert Management Systems (Wireless Networks)  

Feb 2010 
•  Built a project for the banking environment which monitors the state of entities and the engine triggers alerts on C#. 
Nov 2009 

Graduate Application Process (Web Data Engineering) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

•  Constructed an application for gathering applicant information using JSP and Java Beans which are reviewed by 

Committee Members on Struts framework and decisions are made by Chairperson using JavaScript, Ajax and Hibernate. 

Patient Health Information Security System (Applied Cryptography and Computer Security) 

 

    

Sep 2009 

• 

Implements the functionality to store patient health information with hierarchical privileges using Crypto ++ and 
investigation of email spoofing, setting firewall rules, analyzing port knocking and setting a shimmer for C3PO. 

Simple Relational Query Processor (Database Systems) 

            May 2009 
•  Developed a relational query processor in JAVA, using JavaCC parser generator, perform optimization operations, 

 

 

 

 

 

execute the query against the stored relations and return the tuples of the query result. 

Peer to Peer File Sharing using Distributed Hash Tables (Modern Networking Concepts) 

 

 

Apr 2009 

•  Devised a Kademlia DHT protocol using P2P architecture where nodes communicate using TCP/UDP ports and files 

can be downloaded and uploaded from peers and for listening and sending messages using IO multiplexing. 

FreeBSD Kernel Programming (Operating Systems Internals)   

 

 

 

 

 

Mar 2009 

•  Simulated a device driver framework to read and write strings to devices, created system calls for get, set and clear ACL 

file permissions and for processes to set, create and delete containers with a process id for reading and writing data. 
Feb 2009 

Badge Tracking System for the Centre for Handicapped Children (Software Engineering) 

 

 

•  Simulated a monitoring system for tracking the locations and activities of children, teachers and therapists with a real 

time update on the database using RFID technology. 
Image Pyramid Based Object Detector (Image Processing) 

Nov 2008 
•  Programmed an application for efficiently searching an object in the image pyramid from top-down using probability 

 

 

 

 

 

 

distribution function in MATLAB 

Implementation of File System Server and Disk Storage System (Distributed Systems)  

Sep 2008 
•  Represented a Client-Server architecture using Socket API for disk and file server which manages data and performs 

 

 

operations and implemented multi-threaded programs using semaphores and POSIX threads for realizing concurrency. 
 

HONORS: 

•  First Prize in Open Software Development and Design Contest and Software Treasure Hunt at IEEE. 

LEADERSHIP/ACTIVITIES: 
Vice-President, Publicity Head, Coordinator, Resource Head, Executive Member, Publicity Module of VESIT  
Technical Head, Backstage Assistant, Musical Volunteer, Soccer Event-Head, Class Captain of VESIT 

 

2006-2008 
2006-2008 

